I found a way to stop taking screenshots
that look like this but instead look
like this with perfect 4K quality this
works in Chrome Firefox and Edge PC
browsers and after this video you'll
never use the print screen key again
First Press F12 and you'll open up the
developer tools for your browser go to
the top and click on this icon for
toggle device emulation now go to this
new bar that showed up at the top of
your screen and click on the dimensions
drop down go to the bottom of this list
and click edit when the sidebar pops up
click on add custom device Now set a
device name for your screenshots moving
forward I just chose high res then set
the dimensions to 1920 by 1080. then set
the device pixel ratio to 4. leave the
area that says user agent string blank
but make sure you set the drop down next
to it to desktop then click add now
close that sidebar and go back to the
top bar on your screen and click on the
dimensions drop down again now at the
top of this list you'll see the custom
device output that you just created go
ahead and click on it now for the part
that's slightly hidden go and click
these tiny three dots in the upper right
corner of the window then click on
capture screenshot you can save that
file anywhere you want and there you go
you have a perfect quality screenshot of
any web page you can also click on those
three dots and select capture full size
screenshot to get the entire web page in
this quality and now you don't have to
take multiple screenshots and piece them
together in paint or photoshop now while
this method only works for web pages
there is a way to take 4K screenshots
and recordings of other things like a
piece of software so make sure you watch
this video on screen next and I'll show
you exactly what you need to do to get
perfect 4K screenshots and recordings of
your entire PC
